hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're gonna
be talking about the 1980 film Star Wars
Episode five The Empire Strikes Back so
let's get started the film does rely in
part that you've seen the previous films
if you want to see a summary of the
previous films click on these links
below the film takes place three years
following the destruction of the Death
Star the rebels have moved their base to
the ice planet of Hoth the Empire
dispatches probe droids all throughout
the galaxy hunting for the rebels new
base and one does actually land on Hoth
Luke believing that the probe is a
meteor goes to investigate and is
captured by a creature called a Wamba
he is able to escape but the bitter cold
ends up putting him in a state of
hypothermia Luke has a vision of obi-wan
telling him of the system of Dagobah and
to go there to train with Jedi Master
Yoda Luke is found in the tundra by han
Solo who takes him back to the rebel
base to recover han and Chewbacca later
discovered that the meteor was actually
a probe droid which had alerted the
Imperial fleet at the rebels location
the umpire launches a massive attack
using gigantic 8080 Walker's in order to
capture the rebel base
the rebels are overwhelmed and must flee
han Chewbacca Leia and c3po all leave in
the Millennium Falcon but their
hyperdrive fails so they have to hide in
an asteroid field
bounty hunters are sent out by Darth
Vader including Boba Fett in order to
track down the Millennium Falcon they're
able to avoid the bounty hunters in the
Imperial fleet and traveled to Cloud
City a floating city on the planet of
bespin where Hans old friend Lando
Calrissian lives and runs the Millennium
Falcon however has been tracked and the
Empire has taken over Cloud City before
the Falcon has even arrived Lando leads
the group into a trap and they are
captured by Darth Vader Vader plans to
use the group to lure out Luke in order
to present Luke to Vader's master the
emperor Vader also freezes Han Solo in
carbonite
and Boba Fett takes the frozen Han to
claim the bounty placed by Jabba the
Hutt Leia's also placed under the
custody of the Empire meanwhile Luke and
r2d2 travel to the planet of Dagobah
where Luke meets Yoda at first
Luke believes Yoda to be a crazy old
hermit but Luke follows through with
Yoda's training learning more about the
force and the ways of the Jedi while
Luke is training he has visions of han
and Leia being in danger and leaves
Yoda's training to help them even though
Yoda warns that he is not ready to face
Vader Luke arrives at Cloud City and
falls right into Vader's trap Luke and
Vader begin to battle and they're led
into a large air shaft
Vader proves himself to be more skilled
than Luke invaders severs Luke's hand
causing him to lose both his hand and
his father's lightsaber Vader offers to
Luke to come join the dark side on the
Empire which Luke refuses as believing
Vader had killed his father this is when
Vader reveals to Luke that he did not
kill his father that Vader in fact is
actually Luke's father unwilling to
believe this
Luke throws himself down the air shaft
while this is all going on Lando who is
forced to help the Empire has broken
Leia and the others free they tried to
stop oboe Fett from leaving with the
frozen han Solo but they're unsuccessful
Lando and the others take the Millennium
Falcon planning to escape the planet
Leia however has her own premonition of
Luke being in trouble and they find him
at the bottom of the air shaft they
rescue Luke and flee the planet as the
film concludes we see Luke has been
fitted with a robotic hand while Lando
and Chewbacca leave to go after the
frozen han Solo flying off in the
Millennium Falcon so that was the
spoilers for Star Wars Episode five the
Empire Strikes Back
we'll be spoiling all the Star Wars
films before the theater release of
episode seven so please look out for
those if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media listed below and remember
to like and subscribe thanks for
watching